what's up back in Rhode Island from
Dallas long trip both kind of destroyed
especially long we could have no
sleeping no food so we're back in the
gym restarting Johnny Candido six week
cycle but it's different this time
around we made specific adjustments
specifically to me so it's gonna be a
lot heavier more linear style training
evolved and I'm gonna implement more
high perch be training for bodybuilding
so as that as we are we're forcing
ourselves to jump in day one squats and
deadlifts last time I did this cycle we
started with 320 pounds of squats
because of the new PR 425 we're now
beginning with for 340 pounds of squats
so everyone asked twice why I only
switch shoes I'm sure most of you know
at this point but for newer subscribers
that aren't aware or perhaps newer
lifters these Nike Emilio's are specific
Olympic lifting shoes so there are squat
shoes basically the for all sorts of
Olympic lifts but obviously squatting is
the only one I do
they've been very elevated but solid
solid heel and what that does is it just
pushes your heel up higher to give you
more flexibility and mobility in your
Achilles tendon so basically you know
your Achilles tendon the one have to
stretch as much anymore because your
heel is elevated now and it just helps
to kind of sit into the squat a little
bit better these are my a and is as
nature intended and they're specifically
a powerlifting shoe great for deadlifts
especially they're about three times
thinner than chucks the actual sole is
probably about that thin when my
thumbnail is it's four millimeters and
they they're fit like an actual sock
they're meant to be a barefoot shoe
there's a link in the description for
the a and is and I have actually have a
discount code with them so the ring
about 65 bucks after the discount code
and the Nike remilia's you can actually
just find it right on Amazon or Ebay
what's up my squad are in squad of rats
I highly recommend you begin your leg
workouts warming up with leg extensions
I do three sets of 12 reps fairly light
but what this does is not only lubricate
your joints but it also warms up your
tendons and most importantly strengthens
your tendons all around the knee area
which will support you and keep you
injury free while your squat
progress now today you're gonna notice
I'm wearing knee sleeves which I don't
usually wear unless I'm surpassing four
hundred pounds and you can also notice
in this first set here my knees are a
little wobbly I don't have my sea legs
yet that's just because Ari and I just
got back from Dallas and Washington
right before Dallas so we've been cooped
up on a bunch of different airplanes our
legs were a little rusty to say the
least there was some snap crackle and
popping but the second set I was able to
shake it all off find my stamina again
find my form my rhythm my sweet spot if
you will and as you can see my form is
back to normal again so just took a
center tube but I was wearing the knee
sleeves today just to play extra safe
the most common times injuries happen I
believe especially in heavy strength
training tends to be after extensive
traveling whether you're cooped up on an
airplane or just doing long periods of
driving so make sure you warm up and
practice mobility really really
extensively especially in your lower
body because your legs are the ones that
are sitting cramped when you're
traveling after you travel but enough of
a little fun facts about safety and
traveling to the actual workout we're
beginning the 6-week program all over
again but with a twist this is no longer
Johnny Candido six-week program this is
the Nick Wright six-week program made by
Johnny meaning it's gonna be his
six-week program which is new and
improved by the way guys there's an
updated version of on his site but he's
gonna customize it to fit my needs so we
began with the regular workout though
today is nothing special four sets of
squats six reps each using about 80% of
my max so three hundred and forty pounds
felt pretty good despite being a little
rusty and wobbly in the first set
following the four sets of six on squats
we then moved on to two sets of six
unhappy dead lips using about 80% of my
max remember guys for those of you that
are brand spanking new to this channel
I'm normally a conventional deadlift ER
sumos are brand spanking new to me so
there's a lot of errors in my sumo steel
that I'm very aware of for instance I
realize that I'm driving my elbows back
I'm kind of rowing the barbell back ever
so slightly which I need to stop doing
I'm not opening my knees enough not
sitting back enough no excuses just
simply I need to work on that so the
next few
workouts will involve much lighter
weight in higher reps which will be good
ariana did the same exact workout as me
followed me and she was doing I believe
145 for her working sets which is about
80% of her max of 185 on deadlifts her
form was nice and tight I was actually
quite proud of him we pushed each other
tremendously today we were both dead
when ariana first went up to grab the
bar she didn't even move it off the
ground 1 inch so I had to shake it off
she motivated me to get through my first
set and then I pushed her to get through
her first set and it was a good team
effort especially after traveling on no
sleep all weekend it was a good time so
that is the lower body workout number
one of the 60 program guys stay tuned
because I'm not only gonna be showing
everything I do differently this time
around to really enhance my strength
based on me Nick rights bill but I'm
also going to be implementing a lot more
hypertrophy training after my main
strength movements so today you see us
finishing off with calves I did do some
half squat machines etc in between but
that's boring stuff we've already seen
it this is the first time I'm been able
to Train calves in a couple of months
because of all the BS that was going on
with my ankle before I've been taking a
real slow thank God I have these in
genetics and calves although eyes that
look like max tuning but anyway guys
subscribe now and get ready for an
intense six week strength program
customized to nwb love y'all
by a t-shirt nwb lifestyle calm in the
infobox below tank tops t-shirts hoodies
dog tags you name it support and
represent the lifestyle you live